[WIP] line edits (#3)
OctopusDeploy/OptimumSetupBook: manuscript/DataCenter.md

Additionally, our customers had unwittingly created a massive single point of failure in their CD pipelines.  If their server were to ever go down, for whatever reason (the most common cause was Windows Patches), that would bring all deployments to a grinding halt.  When this only affected a team of 10-15 people it was an annoyance.  When it affected an entire development shop of 100s of people this became a major problem.  

Finally, a lot of our customers started treating their Octopus Servers like pets rather than chattel. The default configuration of Octopus Deploy didn't help much.  All folders are stored on the C:\ drive, and if that server were to ever crash a lot of data would be lost.  And if the master key was ever lost then getting it back up and running could take quite a while.

## Data Center Overview

> The standard edition of Octopus Deploy allowed you to have three (3) unique instances running.  We determine uniqueness based on the database it is pointing to.  With standard edition, you could only connect one instance to a database.  Octopus Deploy Data Center allows you to connect several instances to the same database.  The limit of three instances is gone which allows you to create clusters of Octopus Deploy servers.  The only kicker is the total number of targets, across all clusters the total number of targets must be below your license count.  If you have a 1000 Machine Data Center license you can have 10 clusters with 100 targets each.  Or, 1 cluster with 1000 targets.

Author: Making this a suggestion to get a second pair of eyes on it. The updated text in the suggestion is: With standard edition, you can only connect each instance of Octopus server to a single database.
```suggestion
The standard edition of Octopus Deploy allowed you to have three (3) unique instances running.  We determine uniqueness based on the database it is pointing to.  With standard edition, you can only connect each instance of Octopus server to a single database.  Octopus Deploy Data Center allows you to connect several instances to the same database.  The limit of three instances is gone which allows you to create clusters of Octopus Deploy servers.  The only kicker is the total number of targets, across all clusters the total number of targets must be below your license count.  If you have a 1000 Machine Data Center license you can have 10 clusters with 100 targets each.  Or, 1 cluster with 1000 targets.
```

Reviewer: I like it, it looks good
